Proxy design pattern:

Aspect : module of code for a cross cutting concern
Advise : What action is taken and when it should be applied
Join Point: When to apply code during program execution
Point cut: A predicate expression for where advise should be applies

Advise Types:
Before advice:That means run the code before the actual method executes.
After finally advice:That means run the code after the method finishes,like the finally block of a try catch.
After returning advice:After the method for a successful execution with no exceptions and here whatever we return that will be returned to the calling program
After throwing advice:meaning run this code after the method finishes,if an exception is thrown.
Around advice:So you can run the code before and after the method.

Weaving: Connecting aspects to target objects to create an advised object
Different types of weaving: compile time, load time or run time
Regarding performance: run time weaving is the slowest

AOP frameworks: two leading are Spring AOP and AspectJ
So the advantages of using Spring AOP is that it's simpler to use than AspectJ, it makes use of the Proxy pattern, and you can easily migrate to AspectJ by making use of the @Aspect annotations.
Now, some disadvantages with the Spring AOP is that it only supports method-level join points and you can only apply aspects to beans that have been created by the Spring app context. And also there's a minor performance cost for aspect execution because Spring AOP makes use of run-time weaving,But it's minor, very negligible.

So AspectJ, the advantages here,
it supports all of the join points.
It works with any POJO,not just the bean from the Spring app context,but any POJO.
AspectJ also has faster performance compared to Spring AOP
and AspectJ has complete AOP support,the full stack, the full API.
But some disadvantages here with AspectJ
is that the compile-time weaving requires an extra compilation step.So it's faster,but you have to do an extra compile step
for the compile-time weaving.
And then also AspectJ pointcut syntax can become very complex very quick.

So in short, AspectJ is very fast,but there's a lot of complexity involved with it.
Comparing Spring AOP and AspectJ.
So Spring AOP only supports method-level join points and run-time weaving which is a little bit slower than AspectJ.
AspectJ supports all of the join points,method-level, constructor, and field,and also various weaving levels,
compile-time, post compile-time, and load-time.So that's kinda one slide there to kinda put it togetherbetween the two.

Spring AOP is really just a lightweight implementation of AOP.

Point cut expressions: tell spring aop to perform the advise when these conditions are met
There are different types of pointcut expressions, will start with execution pointcuts
Applies to execution of methods
Match on method name:
Pointcut expression language:
execution(modifiers-pattern(spring aop supports only public)? return-type pattern
declaring-type-pattern(class name)?method-name-pattern(param-pattern) throws-pattern?)

if the pattern has question mark that means it is optional

For param pattern: ()-> matches a method with no args
(*)-> matches a method with one argument of any type
(..)-> matches a method with 0 or more arguments of any type

Pointcut expression to match any method in a given package
com.example.demo.*.*(..), we have to give the fully qualified classname while passing the param

Declaring pointcut once and re-using the same for all the advises
@Pointcut("execution(* com.example.demo.*.*(..))")
private void anyMethodName(){}

Combining pointcuts:
Combine pointcut expressions using logic operators
AND(&&), OR(||), NOT(!)

Order of Advises:
Place advises in seperate aspects and we have to add @Order annotation and lower numbers have high precedence
Order range : Integer.MIN_Value to Integer.MAX_Value that means - numbers are also allowed and the order need not be consecutive
if orders have same number then randomly one is picked up by spring

Join Points:
This is used for logging method params and method signature

ProceedingJoinPoint: When using the @Around advice , we will get a reference to a proceeding join point
this will handle to the target method and our code can use the proceeding join point to execute the
target method











